Adds integration query params (#5857)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Guild.md

> info
> This endpoint returns a maximum of 50 integrations. If a guild has more integrations, they will not all be returned.

###### Query String Params

| Field                              | Type    | Description                                                         | Required |
| ---------------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| has_commands?                      | boolean | when `true`, will only return integrations with registered commands | false    |
| include_role_connections_metadata? | boolean | when `true`, will return the role connections verification url      | false    |

## Update Guild Integration % PATCH /guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/integrations/{integration.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/integration-object}

Update the attached [integration](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/integration-object) object for the guild. Requires the `MANAGE_GUILD` permission. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Fires [Guild Integrations Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/guild-integrations-update) Gateway event. An empty body is accepted.

> info

> > Integrations that arnt returned in the guilds integration list can still be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Integrations that aren't returned in the guild's integration list can still be updated.
```

> > Integrations that aren't returned in the guilds integration list can still be updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Integrations that aren't returned in the guild's integration list can still be updated.
```
missing apostrophe here
